docs/infra.md, before:

# Infra

## Door access - register a new user

1. create a new user on the UDM Pro and put the new user in the Hackerspace Members group
2. click the button to register an NFC tag, and swipe it on the correct reader when the system tells you to do. This can be done either locally (gateway IP) or through the remote control panel [https://unifi.ui.com](https://unifi.ui.com). Data is stored locally, and it doesn't need internet or a cloud service to work.

It's fail open for fire safety because we do not have any other way to exit. 

## Bar - register a new user
Step to create a new bar account for a new member:

1. Update the members.beancount file on [Github/0x20/tab-data/static/members.beancount](https://github.com/0x20/tab-data/blob/master/static/members.beancount)
2. **Important:** the membername is case-sensitive and has to start with an uppercase!
3. Add the new user and add mm_name to receive barbot Mattermost message for each transaction. [Example commit](https://github.com/0x20/tab-data/commit/a20cee70454b478addbb0c7481cba8d528829289)
4. Press the 'Sync' button on the bar display
5. The new account should be available on the very end of the list

## Doorbell

Very straightforward implementation:

* A `ring the bell` button on [https://hackerspace.gent/landing/contact.php](https://hackerspace.gent/landing/contact.php) that writes a file on disk containing a timestamp
* A cronjob on the Pi (pi@10.51.3.195) that is connected to the flappers that checks every x amount of seconds if a new file is written
* When an updated timestamp if found, instruct the flappers

## Drinks

An overview of ClubMate sellers: [https://lite.framacalc.org/hs-gent-clubmate-2024](https://lite.framacalc.org/hs-gent-clubmate-2024)

## Stadsmakers

There is an internal website used by Stadsmakers with info for the coop's. See the `SpaceMembers` mattermost channel info header to find the link. Not posting the link here as it contains private data.

Commit message:

Update infra.md: add printer

docs/infra.md, after:

# Infra

## Door access - register a new user

1. create a new user on the UDM Pro and put the new user in the Hackerspace Members group
2. click the button to register an NFC tag, and swipe it on the correct reader when the system tells you to do. This can be done either locally (gateway IP) or through the remote control panel [https://unifi.ui.com](https://unifi.ui.com). Data is stored locally, and it doesn't need internet or a cloud service to work.

It's fail open for fire safety because we do not have any other way to exit. 

## Bar - register a new user
Step to create a new bar account for a new member:

1. Update the members.beancount file on [Github/0x20/tab-data/static/members.beancount](https://github.com/0x20/tab-data/blob/master/static/members.beancount)
2. **Important:** the membername is case-sensitive and has to start with an uppercase!
3. Add the new user and add mm_name to receive barbot Mattermost message for each transaction. [Example commit](https://github.com/0x20/tab-data/commit/a20cee70454b478addbb0c7481cba8d528829289)
4. Press the 'Sync' button on the bar display
5. The new account should be available on the very end of the list

## Doorbell

Very straightforward implementation:

* A `ring the bell` button on [https://hackerspace.gent/landing/contact.php](https://hackerspace.gent/landing/contact.php) that writes a file on disk containing a timestamp
* A cronjob on the Pi (pi@10.51.3.195) that is connected to the flappers that checks every x amount of seconds if a new file is written
* When an updated timestamp if found, instruct the flappers

## Drinks

An overview of ClubMate sellers: [https://lite.framacalc.org/hs-gent-clubmate-2024](https://lite.framacalc.org/hs-gent-clubmate-2024)

## Printer

A Samsung M4020nd printer is available in the space (donated by TQ and Johan for the printer). 
DNS: `hsgprinter.lan.0x20.be`
#### MacOS
`Settings -> Printer -> Add printer -> Samsung M332x 382x 402x Series (SEC30CDA71FA048)`
#### Ubuntu
`Printers -> magic happens -> it's already there`


## Stadsmakers

There is an internal website used by Stadsmakers with info for the coop's. See the `SpaceMembers` mattermost channel info header to find the link. Not posting the link here as it contains private data.
